INTRODUCTION:

*Tic-tac-toe also known as noughts and crosses is a paper and pencil game for two players, whotake turns marking the spaces in a 3 x 3 grid traditionally. The player who succeeds in placing three of their marks in a horizontal, vertical or diagonal row wins the game. 
It is a zero-sum of perfect information game. This means that it is deterministic, with fully observable environmentsin which two agents act alternately and the utility values at the end of the game are always equaland opposite. Because of the simplicity of tic-tac-toe, it is often used as pedagogical tool inartificial intelligence to deal with searching of game trees. The optimal move for this game can begained by using minimax algorithm, where the opposition between the utility functions makes thesituation adversarial, hence requiring adversarial search supported by minimax algorithm withalpha beta pruning concept in artificial intelligence

WHY:

Since the 1970s [10], people started to take interest in using their computers as an entertainmentenvironment, thus, the multi billion game industry [3] was starting to take shape. Having presentedearlier the sum of money this industry produces, I decided to have a go and create a game of myown. As a kid, I was always fascinated by the idea of becoming a game developer, but, as yearswent by, I have realized this is not exactly what programming and computer science, as a practice,are about and I dropped the idea. However, the third year project offered me the possibility to tryand achieve one of my childhood’s dreams and I couldn’t resist thetemptation. 
Our Project will be able to implement

FUTURE SCOPE:

In future in Android application development we would like to learn the OpenGI 2D graphics which can be imolements in the application which will improve the working and presentation of the application. Also we would like to implement a 4x4 board game.

OBJECTIVES:

1) To develop Artificial intelligence-based tic-tac-toe game for human Vs AI byimplementing minimax algorithm with adversarial search concept.2.
 
2) To analyze the complexity of minimax algorithm through 4x4 tic tac toe game.3.
 
3) To study and implement alpha-beta pruning concept for improved speed of searching theoptimal choice in tic-tac toe game.4.
 
4) To study optimizing methods for alpha-beta pruning using heuristic evaluation function.